I like it too baby scorpion vs sub-zero
the classic match that everybody wanted
to see by everybody I mean just me but
everybody I mean just me
oh he had moving reversal got me with
the reversal I've no girls reversal not
good how did it not give him ooh he's
not gonna block below he's not gonna
luck alone
sub-zero wings faction kill Jeff in
writing I mean Jason you know you know
I'm winning this right you know I'm
winning is right on don't you Jason I'm
winning this little battle I'm bidding
meet at the same time come on up here
I'm winning this Jason come on now I'm
winning this why don't you treat that
I'm winning it now now I can't do it
ok this Jason's not mirror dude oh and I
missed the combo ok you to come bozo I
think I'm dropping it man I'm dropping
it I'm dropping and see if I can just
boot Ellis you know I'm go for it oh how
did I'm not get it begin
reading wins faction kill okay Aaron
blends let's see what you got okay cheer
with it homie that ain't happening don't
slack don't double oh come on that ain't
happening man okay you want to slap I
got an L slide though I slide it out
when I slap getting hit him don't
slather boy you can't slide i'm eating
slider every time he don't slack slack
no slap
oh oh you should have wait you should
have waited don't jump I'll i missed it
no record for me you got a full combo
okay oh that was nice I'm feeling a
lively Oh nope no Gavin coach get him
kill him Aaron Blake is dead I think you
just quit I think he just quits with dig
on the defection Kyoto we stay on the
defection kill looks like we got a
ferret or in the building and he's
playing like it is he not but I'm he now
it'll only now it 10 is ray he hit me
with x-ray this guy has a mean echo so I
had to turn my volume down
don't blah blah don't blah bluh just
when you start blocking low i start i
hear chat with over here get back man I
didn't gonna do that but it's cool don't
jump oh did you charge me like that keep
charging me like this nope sit down okay
don't jump I'll i missed it i missed it
all another quitter did he quit owes
that a quick legs fight